docs-partials/builder/vagrant/Config-not-required.mdx, before:

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the Config struct in builder/vagrant/builder.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `output_dir` (string) - The directory to create that will contain your output box. We always
  create this directory and run from inside of it to prevent Vagrant init
  collisions. If unset, it will be set to output- plus your buildname.

- `checksum` (string) - The checksum for the .box file. The type of the checksum is specified
  within the checksum field as a prefix, ex: "md5:{$checksum}". The type
  of the checksum can also be omitted and Packer will try to infer it
  based on string length. Valid values are "none", "{$checksum}",
  "md5:{$checksum}", "sha1:{$checksum}", "sha256:{$checksum}",
  "sha512:{$checksum}" or "file:{$path}". Here is a list of valid checksum
  values:
   * md5:090992ba9fd140077b0661cb75f7ce13
   * 090992ba9fd140077b0661cb75f7ce13
   * sha1:ebfb681885ddf1234c18094a45bbeafd91467911
   * ebfb681885ddf1234c18094a45bbeafd91467911
   * sha256:ed363350696a726b7932db864dda019bd2017365c9e299627830f06954643f93
   * ed363350696a726b7932db864dda019bd2017365c9e299627830f06954643f93
   * file:http://releases.ubuntu.com/20.04/SHA256SUMS
   * file:file://./local/path/file.sum
   * file:./local/path/file.sum
   * none
  Although the checksum will not be verified when it is set to "none",
  this is not recommended since these files can be very large and
  corruption does happen from time to time.

- `box_name` (string) - if your "source_path" is a boxfile that we need to add to Vagrant, this is
  the name to give it. If left blank, will default to "packer_" plus your
  buildname.

- `insert_key` (bool) - If true, Vagrant will automatically insert a keypair to use for SSH,
  replacing Vagrant's default insecure key inside the machine if detected.
  By default, Packer sets this to false.

- `provider` (string) - The vagrant provider.
  This parameter is required when source_path have more than one provider,
  or when using vagrant-cloud post-processor. Defaults to unset.

- `teardown_method` (string) - Whether to halt, suspend, or destroy the box when the build has
  completed. Defaults to "halt"

- `box_version` (string) - What box version to use when initializing Vagrant.

- `template` (string) - a path to a golang template for a vagrantfile. Our default template can
  be found [here](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer-plugin-vagrant/blob/main/builder/vagrant/step_create_vagrantfile.go#L39-L54). The template variables available to you are
  `{{ .BoxName }}`, `{{ .SyncedFolder }}`, and `{{.InsertKey}}`, which
  correspond to the Packer options box_name, synced_folder, and insert_key.
  Alternatively, the template variable `{{.DefaultTemplate}}` is available for
  use if you wish to extend the default generated template.

- `synced_folder` (string) - Path to the folder to be synced to the guest. The path can be absolute
  or relative to the directory Packer is being run from.

- `skip_add` (bool) - Don't call "vagrant box add" to add the box to your local environment; this
  is necessary if you want to launch a box that is already added to your
  vagrant environment.

- `add_cacert` (string) - Equivalent to setting the
  --cacert
  option in vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `add_capath` (string) - Equivalent to setting the
  --capath option
  in vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `add_cert` (string) - Equivalent to setting the
  --cert option in
  vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `add_clean` (bool) - Equivalent to setting the
  --clean flag in
  vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `add_force` (bool) - Equivalent to setting the
  --force flag in
  vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `add_insecure` (bool) - Equivalent to setting the
  --insecure flag in
  vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `skip_package` (bool) - if true, Packer will not call vagrant package to
  package your base box into its own standalone .box file.

- `output_vagrantfile` (string) - Output Vagrantfile

- `package_include` ([]string) - Equivalent to setting the
  [`--include`](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vagrant/docs/cli/package#include-x-y-z) option
  in `vagrant package`; defaults to unset

<!-- End of code generated from the comments of the Config struct in builder/vagrant/builder.go; -->

Commit message:

Allow box architecture to be set in vagrant builder
When adding the source box for the vagrant builder, allow a specific
architecture to be requested. By default Vagrant will use the host
architecture when adding the box, so this option is only required
when the guest architecture differs from the host.

docs-partials/builder/vagrant/Config-not-required.mdx, after:

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the Config struct in builder/vagrant/builder.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `output_dir` (string) - The directory to create that will contain your output box. We always
  create this directory and run from inside of it to prevent Vagrant init
  collisions. If unset, it will be set to output- plus your buildname.

- `checksum` (string) - The checksum for the .box file. The type of the checksum is specified
  within the checksum field as a prefix, ex: "md5:{$checksum}". The type
  of the checksum can also be omitted and Packer will try to infer it
  based on string length. Valid values are "none", "{$checksum}",
  "md5:{$checksum}", "sha1:{$checksum}", "sha256:{$checksum}",
  "sha512:{$checksum}" or "file:{$path}". Here is a list of valid checksum
  values:
   * md5:090992ba9fd140077b0661cb75f7ce13
   * 090992ba9fd140077b0661cb75f7ce13
   * sha1:ebfb681885ddf1234c18094a45bbeafd91467911
   * ebfb681885ddf1234c18094a45bbeafd91467911
   * sha256:ed363350696a726b7932db864dda019bd2017365c9e299627830f06954643f93
   * ed363350696a726b7932db864dda019bd2017365c9e299627830f06954643f93
   * file:http://releases.ubuntu.com/20.04/SHA256SUMS
   * file:file://./local/path/file.sum
   * file:./local/path/file.sum
   * none
  Although the checksum will not be verified when it is set to "none",
  this is not recommended since these files can be very large and
  corruption does happen from time to time.

- `box_name` (string) - if your "source_path" is a boxfile that we need to add to Vagrant, this is
  the name to give it. If left blank, will default to "packer_" plus your
  buildname.

- `insert_key` (bool) - If true, Vagrant will automatically insert a keypair to use for SSH,
  replacing Vagrant's default insecure key inside the machine if detected.
  By default, Packer sets this to false.

- `provider` (string) - The vagrant provider.
  This parameter is required when source_path have more than one provider,
  or when using vagrant-cloud post-processor. Defaults to unset.

- `teardown_method` (string) - Whether to halt, suspend, or destroy the box when the build has
  completed. Defaults to "halt"

- `box_version` (string) - What box version to use when initializing Vagrant.

- `box_architecture` (string) - Architecture of the box to use when initializing Vagrant.

- `template` (string) - a path to a golang template for a vagrantfile. Our default template can
  be found [here](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer-plugin-vagrant/blob/main/builder/vagrant/step_create_vagrantfile.go#L39-L54). The template variables available to you are
  `{{ .BoxName }}`, `{{ .SyncedFolder }}`, and `{{.InsertKey}}`, which
  correspond to the Packer options box_name, synced_folder, and insert_key.
  Alternatively, the template variable `{{.DefaultTemplate}}` is available for
  use if you wish to extend the default generated template.

- `synced_folder` (string) - Path to the folder to be synced to the guest. The path can be absolute
  or relative to the directory Packer is being run from.

- `skip_add` (bool) - Don't call "vagrant box add" to add the box to your local environment; this
  is necessary if you want to launch a box that is already added to your
  vagrant environment.

- `add_cacert` (string) - Equivalent to setting the
  --cacert
  option in vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `add_capath` (string) - Equivalent to setting the
  --capath option
  in vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `add_cert` (string) - Equivalent to setting the
  --cert option in
  vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `add_clean` (bool) - Equivalent to setting the
  --clean flag in
  vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `add_force` (bool) - Equivalent to setting the
  --force flag in
  vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `add_insecure` (bool) - Equivalent to setting the
  --insecure flag in
  vagrant add; defaults to unset.

- `skip_package` (bool) - if true, Packer will not call vagrant package to
  package your base box into its own standalone .box file.

- `output_vagrantfile` (string) - Output Vagrantfile

- `package_include` ([]string) - Equivalent to setting the
  [`--include`](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vagrant/docs/cli/package#include-x-y-z) option
  in `vagrant package`; defaults to unset

<!-- End of code generated from the comments of the Config struct in builder/vagrant/builder.go; -->
