docs/post-processors/vagrant-cloud.mdx, before:

---
description: |
  The Vagrant Cloud post-processor enables the upload of Vagrant boxes to
  Vagrant Cloud.
page_title: Vagrant Cloud - Post-Processors
nav_title: Vagrant Cloud
---

# Vagrant Cloud Post-Processor

Type: `vagrant-cloud`
Artifact BuilderId: `pearkes.post-processor.vagrant-cloud`

[Vagrant Cloud](https://app.vagrantup.com/boxes/search) hosts and serves boxes
to Vagrant, allowing you to version and distribute boxes to an organization in a
simple way.

The Vagrant Cloud post-processor enables the upload of Vagrant boxes to Vagrant
Cloud. Currently, the Vagrant Cloud post-processor will accept and upload boxes
supplied to it from the [Vagrant](/docs/post-processors/vagrant) or
[Artifice](/docs/post-processors/artifice) post-processors and the
[Vagrant](/docs/builders/vagrant) builder.

You'll need to be familiar with Vagrant Cloud, have an upgraded account to
enable box hosting, and be distributing your box via the [shorthand
name](https://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/cli/box.html) configuration.

## Workflow

It's important to understand the workflow that using this post-processor
enforces in order to take full advantage of Vagrant and Vagrant Cloud.

The use of this processor assume that you currently distribute, or plan to
distribute, boxes via Vagrant Cloud. It also assumes you create Vagrant Boxes
and deliver them to your team in some fashion.

Here is an example workflow:

1.  You use Packer to build a Vagrant Box for the `virtualbox` provider
2.  The `vagrant-cloud` post-processor is configured to point to the box
    `hashicorp/foobar` on Vagrant Cloud via the `box_tag` configuration
3.  The post-processor receives the box from the `vagrant` post-processor
4.  It then creates the configured version, or verifies the existence of it, on
    Vagrant Cloud
5.  A provider matching the name of the Vagrant provider is then created
6.  The box is uploaded to Vagrant Cloud
7.  The upload is verified
8.  The version is released and available to users of the box

~> The Vagrant Cloud box (`hashicorp/foobar` in this example) must already
exist. Packer will not create the box automatically. If running Packer in
automation, consider using the
[Vagrant Cloud API](https://www.vagrantup.com/docs/vagrant-cloud/api.html)
to create the Vagrant Cloud box if it doesn't already exist.

## Configuration

The configuration allows you to specify the target box that you have access to
on Vagrant Cloud, as well as authentication and version information.

### Required:

- `box_tag` (string) - The shorthand tag for your box that maps to Vagrant
  Cloud, for example `hashicorp/precise64`, which is short for
  `vagrantcloud.com/hashicorp/precise64`. This box must already exist in
  Vagrant Cloud. Packer will not create the box automatically.

- `version` (string) - The version number, typically incrementing a previous
  version. The version string is validated based on [Semantic
  Versioning](http://semver.org/). The string must match a pattern that could
  be semver, and doesn't validate that the version comes after your previous
  versions.

- `access_token` (string) - Your access token for the Vagrant Cloud API. This
  can be generated on your [tokens
  page](https://app.vagrantup.com/settings/security). If not specified, the
  environment will be searched. First, `VAGRANT_CLOUD_TOKEN` is checked, and
  if nothing is found, finally `ATLAS_TOKEN` will be used. This is required
  unless you are using a private hosting solution (i.e. `vagrant_cloud_url`
  has been populated).

  **or**

- `vagrant_cloud_url` (string) - Override the base URL for Vagrant Cloud.
  This is useful if you're using Vagrant Private Cloud in your own network.
  Defaults to `https://vagrantcloud.com/api/v1`. If this value is set to something
  other than the default then `access_token` can be left blank and no
  `Authorization` header will be added to requests sent by this post-processor.

### Optional:

- `no_release` (string) - If set to true, does not release the version on
  Vagrant Cloud, making it active. You can manually release the version via
  the API or Web UI. Defaults to `false`.

- `insecure_skip_tls_verify` (boolean) - If set to true _and_ `vagrant_cloud_url`
  is set to something different than its default, it will set TLS InsecureSkipVerify
  to true. In other words, this will disable security checks of SSL. You may need
  to set this option to true if your host at `vagrant_cloud_url` is using a
  self-signed certificate.

- `keep_input_artifact` (boolean) - When true, preserve the local box
  after uploading to Vagrant cloud. Defaults to `true`.

- `version_description` (string) - Optional Markdown text used as a
  full-length and in-depth description of the version, typically for denoting
  changes introduced

- `box_download_url` (string) - Optional URL for a self-hosted box. If this
  is set the box will not be uploaded to the Vagrant Cloud.
  This is a [template engine](/docs/templates/legacy_json_templates/engine). Therefore, you
  may use user variables and template functions in this field.
  The following extra variables are also available in this engine:

  - `Provider`: The Vagrant provider the box is for
  - `ArtifactId`: The ID of the input artifact.

- `no_direct_upload` (boolean) - When `true`, upload the box artifact through
  Vagrant Cloud instead of directly to the backend storage.

## Use with the Vagrant Post-Processor

An example configuration is shown below. Note the use of the [post-processors](https://www.packer.io/docs/templates/hcl_templates/blocks/build/post-processors)
block that wraps both the Vagrant and Vagrant Cloud [post-processor](https://www.packer.io/docs/templates/hcl_templates/blocks/build/post-processor) blocks within the post-processor section. Chaining
the post-processors together in this way tells Packer that the artifact
produced by the Vagrant post-processor should be passed directly to the Vagrant
Cloud Post-Processor. It also sets the order in which the post-processors
should run.

Failure to chain the post-processors together in this way will result in the
wrong artifact being supplied to the Vagrant Cloud post-processor. This will
likely cause the Vagrant Cloud post-processor to error and fail.

<Tabs>
<Tab heading="JSON">

```json
{
  "variables": {
    "cloud_token": "{{ env `VAGRANT_CLOUD_TOKEN` }}",
    "version": "1.0.{{timestamp}}"
  },
  "post-processors": [
    {
      "type": "shell-local",
      "inline": ["echo Doing stuff..."]
    },
    [
      {
        "type": "vagrant",
        "include": ["image.iso"],
        "vagrantfile_template": "vagrantfile.tpl",
        "output": "proxycore_{{.Provider}}.box"
      },
      {
        "type": "vagrant-cloud",
        "box_tag": "hashicorp/precise64",
        "access_token": "{{user `cloud_token`}}",
        "version": "{{user `version`}}"
      }
    ]
  ]
}
```

</Tab>
<Tab heading="HCL2">

```hcl
build {
  sources = ["source.null.autogenerated_1"]

  post-processor "shell-local" {
    inline = ["echo Doing stuff..."]
  }
  post-processors {
    post-processor "vagrant" {
      include              = ["image.iso"]
      output               = "proxycore_{{.Provider}}.box"
      vagrantfile_template = "vagrantfile.tpl"
    }
    post-processor "vagrant-cloud" {
      access_token = "${var.cloud_token}"
      box_tag      = "hashicorp/precise64"
      version      = "${local.version}"
    }
  }
}
```

</Tab>
</Tabs>

## Use with the Artifice Post-Processor

An example configuration is shown below. Note the use of the nested array that
wraps both the Artifice and Vagrant Cloud post-processors within the
post-processor section. Chaining the post-processors together in this way tells
Packer that the artifact produced by the Artifice post-processor should be
passed directly to the Vagrant Cloud Post-Processor. It also sets the order in
which the post-processors should run.

Failure to chain the post-processors together in this way will result in the
wrong artifact being supplied to the Vagrant Cloud post-processor. This will
likely cause the Vagrant Cloud post-processor to error and fail.

Note that the Vagrant box specified in the Artifice post-processor `files` array
must end in the `.box` extension. It must also be the first file in the array.
Additional files bundled by the Artifice post-processor will be ignored.

<Tabs>
<Tab heading="JSON">

```json
{
  "variables": {
    "cloud_token": "{{ env `VAGRANT_CLOUD_TOKEN` }}"
  },

  "builders": [
    {
      "type": "null",
      "communicator": "none"
    }
  ],

  "post-processors": [
    {
      "type": "shell-local",
      "inline": ["echo Doing stuff..."]
    },
    [
      {
        "type": "artifice",
        "files": ["./path/to/my.box"]
      },
      {
        "type": "vagrant-cloud",
        "box_tag": "myorganisation/mybox",
        "access_token": "{{user `cloud_token`}}",
        "version": "0.1.0"
      }
    ]
  ]
}
```

</Tab>
<Tab heading="HCL2">

```hcl
variable "cloud_token" {
  type    = string
  default = "${env("VAGRANT_CLOUD_TOKEN")}"
}

source "null" "autogenerated_1" {
  communicator = "none"
}

build {
  sources = ["source.null.autogenerated_1"]

  post-processor "shell-local" {
    inline = ["echo Doing stuff..."]
  }
  post-processors {
    post-processor "artifice" {
      files = ["./path/to/my.box"]
    }
    post-processor "vagrant-cloud" {
      access_token = "${var.cloud_token}"
      box_tag      = "myorganisation/mybox"
      version      = "0.1.0"
    }
  }
}
```

</Tab>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

[vagrant-cloud post-processor] box checksums
Support `checksum` and `checksum_type` when uploading providers.
The front-end config for this is `box_checksum` on the post-processor
which expects to be specified in the `$type:$digest` format.

Signed-off-by: Jacob Blain Christen <dweomer5@gmail.com>

docs/post-processors/vagrant-cloud.mdx, after:

---
description: |
  The Vagrant Cloud post-processor enables the upload of Vagrant boxes to
  Vagrant Cloud.
page_title: Vagrant Cloud - Post-Processors
nav_title: Vagrant Cloud
---

# Vagrant Cloud Post-Processor

Type: `vagrant-cloud`
Artifact BuilderId: `pearkes.post-processor.vagrant-cloud`

[Vagrant Cloud](https://app.vagrantup.com/boxes/search) hosts and serves boxes
to Vagrant, allowing you to version and distribute boxes to an organization in a
simple way.

The Vagrant Cloud post-processor enables the upload of Vagrant boxes to Vagrant
Cloud. Currently, the Vagrant Cloud post-processor will accept and upload boxes
supplied to it from the [Vagrant](/docs/post-processors/vagrant) or
[Artifice](/docs/post-processors/artifice) post-processors and the
[Vagrant](/docs/builders/vagrant) builder.

You'll need to be familiar with Vagrant Cloud, have an upgraded account to
enable box hosting, and be distributing your box via the [shorthand
name](https://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/cli/box.html) configuration.

## Workflow

It's important to understand the workflow that using this post-processor
enforces in order to take full advantage of Vagrant and Vagrant Cloud.

The use of this processor assume that you currently distribute, or plan to
distribute, boxes via Vagrant Cloud. It also assumes you create Vagrant Boxes
and deliver them to your team in some fashion.

Here is an example workflow:

1.  You use Packer to build a Vagrant Box for the `virtualbox` provider
2.  The `vagrant-cloud` post-processor is configured to point to the box
    `hashicorp/foobar` on Vagrant Cloud via the `box_tag` configuration
3.  The post-processor receives the box from the `vagrant` post-processor
4.  It then creates the configured version, or verifies the existence of it, on
    Vagrant Cloud
5.  A provider matching the name of the Vagrant provider is then created
6.  The box is uploaded to Vagrant Cloud
7.  The upload is verified
8.  The version is released and available to users of the box

~> The Vagrant Cloud box (`hashicorp/foobar` in this example) must already
exist. Packer will not create the box automatically. If running Packer in
automation, consider using the
[Vagrant Cloud API](https://www.vagrantup.com/docs/vagrant-cloud/api.html)
to create the Vagrant Cloud box if it doesn't already exist.

## Configuration

The configuration allows you to specify the target box that you have access to
on Vagrant Cloud, as well as authentication and version information.

### Required:

- `box_tag` (string) - The shorthand tag for your box that maps to Vagrant
  Cloud, for example `hashicorp/precise64`, which is short for
  `vagrantcloud.com/hashicorp/precise64`. This box must already exist in
  Vagrant Cloud. Packer will not create the box automatically.

- `version` (string) - The version number, typically incrementing a previous
  version. The version string is validated based on [Semantic
  Versioning](http://semver.org/). The string must match a pattern that could
  be semver, and doesn't validate that the version comes after your previous
  versions.

- `access_token` (string) - Your access token for the Vagrant Cloud API. This
  can be generated on your [tokens
  page](https://app.vagrantup.com/settings/security). If not specified, the
  environment will be searched. First, `VAGRANT_CLOUD_TOKEN` is checked, and
  if nothing is found, finally `ATLAS_TOKEN` will be used. This is required
  unless you are using a private hosting solution (i.e. `vagrant_cloud_url`
  has been populated).

  **or**

- `vagrant_cloud_url` (string) - Override the base URL for Vagrant Cloud.
  This is useful if you're using Vagrant Private Cloud in your own network.
  Defaults to `https://vagrantcloud.com/api/v1`. If this value is set to something
  other than the default then `access_token` can be left blank and no
  `Authorization` header will be added to requests sent by this post-processor.

### Optional:

- `no_release` (string) - If set to true, does not release the version on
  Vagrant Cloud, making it active. You can manually release the version via
  the API or Web UI. Defaults to `false`.

- `insecure_skip_tls_verify` (boolean) - If set to true _and_ `vagrant_cloud_url`
  is set to something different than its default, it will set TLS InsecureSkipVerify
  to true. In other words, this will disable security checks of SSL. You may need
  to set this option to true if your host at `vagrant_cloud_url` is using a
  self-signed certificate.

- `keep_input_artifact` (boolean) - When true, preserve the local box
  after uploading to Vagrant cloud. Defaults to `true`.

- `version_description` (string) - Optional Markdown text used as a
  full-length and in-depth description of the version, typically for denoting
  changes introduced

- `box_download_url` (string) - Optional URL for a self-hosted box. If this
  is set the box will not be uploaded to the Vagrant Cloud.
  This is a [template engine](/docs/templates/legacy_json_templates/engine). Therefore, you
  may use user variables and template functions in this field.
  The following extra variables are also available in this engine:

  - `Provider`: The Vagrant provider the box is for
  - `ArtifactId`: The ID of the input artifact.

- `box_checksum` (string) - Optional checksum for the provider .box file.
  The type of the checksum is specified within the checksum field as a prefix,
  ex: "md5:{$checksum}". Valid values are:
  - null or ""
  - "md5:{$checksum}"
  - "sha1:{$checksum}"
  - "sha256:{$checksum}"
  - "sha512:{$checksum}"
  See https://www.vagrantup.com/vagrant-cloud/api#arguments-7

- `no_direct_upload` (boolean) - When `true`, upload the box artifact through
  Vagrant Cloud instead of directly to the backend storage.

## Use with the Vagrant Post-Processor

An example configuration is shown below. Note the use of the [post-processors](https://www.packer.io/docs/templates/hcl_templates/blocks/build/post-processors)
block that wraps both the Vagrant and Vagrant Cloud [post-processor](https://www.packer.io/docs/templates/hcl_templates/blocks/build/post-processor) blocks within the post-processor section. Chaining
the post-processors together in this way tells Packer that the artifact
produced by the Vagrant post-processor should be passed directly to the Vagrant
Cloud Post-Processor. It also sets the order in which the post-processors
should run.

Failure to chain the post-processors together in this way will result in the
wrong artifact being supplied to the Vagrant Cloud post-processor. This will
likely cause the Vagrant Cloud post-processor to error and fail.

<Tabs>
<Tab heading="JSON">

```json
{
  "variables": {
    "cloud_token": "{{ env `VAGRANT_CLOUD_TOKEN` }}",
    "version": "1.0.{{timestamp}}"
  },
  "post-processors": [
    {
      "type": "shell-local",
      "inline": ["echo Doing stuff..."]
    },
    [
      {
        "type": "vagrant",
        "include": ["image.iso"],
        "vagrantfile_template": "vagrantfile.tpl",
        "output": "proxycore_{{.Provider}}.box"
      },
      {
        "type": "vagrant-cloud",
        "box_tag": "hashicorp/precise64",
        "access_token": "{{user `cloud_token`}}",
        "version": "{{user `version`}}"
      }
    ]
  ]
}
```

</Tab>
<Tab heading="HCL2">

```hcl
build {
  sources = ["source.null.autogenerated_1"]

  post-processor "shell-local" {
    inline = ["echo Doing stuff..."]
  }
  post-processors {
    post-processor "vagrant" {
      include              = ["image.iso"]
      output               = "proxycore_{{.Provider}}.box"
      vagrantfile_template = "vagrantfile.tpl"
    }
    post-processor "vagrant-cloud" {
      access_token = "${var.cloud_token}"
      box_tag      = "hashicorp/precise64"
      version      = "${local.version}"
    }
  }
}
```

</Tab>
</Tabs>

## Use with the Artifice Post-Processor

An example configuration is shown below. Note the use of the nested array that
wraps both the Artifice and Vagrant Cloud post-processors within the
post-processor section. Chaining the post-processors together in this way tells
Packer that the artifact produced by the Artifice post-processor should be
passed directly to the Vagrant Cloud Post-Processor. It also sets the order in
which the post-processors should run.

Failure to chain the post-processors together in this way will result in the
wrong artifact being supplied to the Vagrant Cloud post-processor. This will
likely cause the Vagrant Cloud post-processor to error and fail.

Note that the Vagrant box specified in the Artifice post-processor `files` array
must end in the `.box` extension. It must also be the first file in the array.
Additional files bundled by the Artifice post-processor will be ignored.

<Tabs>
<Tab heading="JSON">

```json
{
  "variables": {
    "cloud_token": "{{ env `VAGRANT_CLOUD_TOKEN` }}"
  },

  "builders": [
    {
      "type": "null",
      "communicator": "none"
    }
  ],

  "post-processors": [
    {
      "type": "shell-local",
      "inline": ["echo Doing stuff..."]
    },
    [
      {
        "type": "artifice",
        "files": ["./path/to/my.box"]
      },
      {
        "type": "vagrant-cloud",
        "box_tag": "myorganisation/mybox",
        "access_token": "{{user `cloud_token`}}",
        "version": "0.1.0"
      }
    ]
  ]
}
```

</Tab>
<Tab heading="HCL2">

```hcl
variable "cloud_token" {
  type    = string
  default = "${env("VAGRANT_CLOUD_TOKEN")}"
}

source "null" "autogenerated_1" {
  communicator = "none"
}

build {
  sources = ["source.null.autogenerated_1"]

  post-processor "shell-local" {
    inline = ["echo Doing stuff..."]
  }
  post-processors {
    post-processor "artifice" {
      files = ["./path/to/my.box"]
    }
    post-processor "vagrant-cloud" {
      access_token = "${var.cloud_token}"
      box_tag      = "myorganisation/mybox"
      version      = "0.1.0"
    }
  }
}
```

</Tab>
</Tabs>
